I don't want to see this on your MySpace
page please no gang signs no throw it up
I'm kidding yeah peace I love peace I'd
be out of a job in peace
[Music]
yet on local mystified have us a bra
hoowa-hey you know Nahum arias ammonia
quinoa Shakya Giannone amara haram Nakia
to Marian Hackett to make mantra from
who generally hemara Esther I'm Nakia
Tamara in her yet to make money from
home or hamesha matter if he is dunya
paluma Katara Haga they can hum Jean
cotton versatile in the semester
we're on or Bungie economist arthur
Jamahiriya
get hammock miss alternative arabic
anchor sake Tom then a Seraphim re bulk
at the Sanger streaky bar Adri
Kiba tahini he Obadiah Stane doomhammer
boat paddle or natira semester ho ja na
kar raha TR o or chumsicle gave us big
giant escape pod never to me agita ho
GAE ha miss Marcus a dagger Tony Stark
kamatchi heart oh pardon